On September 21, 1922, the Battle of the Koobara also took place.
In the time of the First Japanese Shogunate in Feb. 1921,
a merak得大起停, the first and last Japanese shogunate of the feature era,
And there will never be a Criterion, or Massacre without a tireless effort.
According to the 씨가-san material,
Japan would be so intense and everywhere.
But it doesn't mean that there wouldn't be a Massacre.
So, what can Canada have?
This is something that we should give as a legacy to our descendants,
who will be able to solve this problem by our own hands.
Secondly, not only from the subjective perspective of Japan,
but from the whole of world history,
Japan is working as a major role model for the progressive nation in the world.
Today's world is a place in the East alone.
Even in Europe, there is still anxiety.
The fundamental cause of the world anxiety is
the fact that the ultimate international justice is not yet fully realized.
The Japanese behavior is sometimes misunderstood by the general perception of what it is for or for the sake of.
However, the essence of Japanese behavior is
to be the true leader of international justice in the current world.
In a sense, our view is that there is no less than the people of other progressive nations
who can be proved by our views.
As a result of our conviction,
if all of us, all of us, all of us,
are able to stand together for the sake of our country,
then there is nothing to be afraid of.
In front of the country's great cause,
all our
breakdowns can see the truth of what they are,
which is the sentence on the sentence in the official form.